
I have had especially in the last, I would say approximately two weeks, a few, I guess some kind of an interesting phase somehow. I wasn't feeling very well. I couldn't quite get out of bed in the morning and I always was late with my team, had a guilty conscious, didn't care for things, you know how it is. I mean firstly concerning things I planned on doing for a long time, which I didn't really have in mind any more but also small things which I simply didn't do and that consistently stressed me out as well.  And I couldn't get out of bed I think I have said that already. Anyways yeah I just generally felt unwell and I didn't really know the reason for that and as I just said the smallest things, well I say that now because today it's somehow … ok now I'm talking about two things at once but like the smallest things where really exhausting and I didn't see the point of the things I did. I didn't really feel that way before in this semester I mean I always felt like what I'm doing has somehow some sort of relevance and that it therefore it's right or rather favorable for the situations im currently in like I mean my private life and my projects this and that. Like simply the classical thing stuff. But like I said I just didn't really see the point anymore. That sounds way to extreme naturally I didn't vegetate and think about death but I just realized that I overcomplicate everything I do somehow. And that somehow changed with today. I have, that's a stark contrast, I managed to get up today and last night I managed to clean up my stuff for the first time in a long time and somehow I saw some things that made me realize that I didn't see them for the last two weeks like for example a box, which im actually currently sitting in front of, which is standing around here since Christmas and like now im at least noticing it again admittedly I haven't cleared it out jet but I, which I realized just then, didn't even see it for the last two weeks because I didn’t want to see it and I suppressed it and I don't know and then I notice like some small things that I can observe about me which are giving me hints weather everything is cool or not cool right now. I'm happy to say that I had a cool day again today. I don’t want to say that this means that im heading towards a good phase like the one i had the last four or three months in which everything just went super nicely and so on. I'd say one should not rest on that too much but like for me I have made a huge step with today and last night and I am actually really excited for tomorrow. But I have to say that's difficult too because im always excited for the things I want to do but then I don't do them anyways. And then maybe maybe I wasn't excited enough but no I don't think so I think there are just other things that hold me back too much, that confused me too much, that kept me busy too much and I actually realize that it is becoming increasingly clear to me that there are personal things behind all of this like that’s my insight of half the week. It should be added that I said that personal struggle is behind all of this I just immediately realized while directly reflecting, self reflecting that there naturally are things that come before the personal struggle. I mean there surely is personal struggle that is caused by external factors. Ultimately the massage is that one has to keep a good overview over everything and that's not easy especially not when you can't find yourself. And … yes … I think in the thoughts I had there I also was a thing I realized  and it's that the community flat is stressing me out way more then it did the whole time since I moved in here. I might aswell ask myself what was first here the chicken or the egg. The statement I make here for myself is just that one has to keep an eye on how things are going and put some thought in the whole thing but then als not stagnate anymore and say “alright enough of the thinking it's time to act” and anyways it’s really difficult in a situation like that because naturally one is lacking the motivation which is very very normal. some thoughts I had where that motivation doesn’t necessarily need to be at the beginning of a chain like that like first I am motivated then im inspired and then I act but rather it can be viewed like a loop and just say “ok Motivation is just a part of the whole construct” and I might as well just start doing something and get motivated after and I think many people know that situation in which you just start doing something and suddenly it's two hours later and you think to yourself “awesome, time just flew by and I feel like I have accomplished something”. I think I want just to internalize that thought further.  
